Hello friends, I welcome you to your
own YouTube channel.
Before starting the video, I would like to request all of you that
if you have not yet subscribed to the channel, then
it is my request
to all of you.  Please subscribe to the channel.
So let's start.  Wherever you
look, today we will discuss about the
result list, it will be checked here.
Along with this, you will also check the upcoming dividend
which will be for both the months of April and May.
Look at the list, it will
gradually increase.  But now
we are going to check the latest information as to
which companies are going to make announcements here and when.
We will cover the latest list that has just come.  So the first
thing to see is the name of the first company is
Max Crew India, you can see it here
and on the 3rd of April, that is today, the
company is going to announce the results. Sir
One Media on the 4th of April, then Iima
Technologies on the 6th of April, regarding the result and fund,
Sterling Power JS result on the 6th of April,
Globe Commercial result on the 6th of April,
Sameera Agro Infra result on the 6th of April,
and some big updates can come from the
company, next is your Jindal
Lease Fin, you can see the result on the 8th of April, from
here you can see the main
result is starting from the number company
where Gmerius is,
see the main result season is starting from the 9th of April,
so the result and dividend and final dividend
both are together, TCS see, the
result and final dividend is on the 9th of April,
Anand Rathi Wealth result
and final dividend is on the 9th of April, that means
three big results will come here on the 9th,
Gmerius, TCS and Anand Rathi Wealth result
and dividend both are together, you
can see then I Protential Asset
Management ah see  You can see that this is the
result on 13th April. Swaraj Engines
result and dividend both are going to be here together on 13th April.  We will
move on to the next list.  See your name is ICI Personal
Life Insurance Result
& Final Dividend on 14th April. Amcon
Result & Final Dividend on 14th April. ICS LMA
General Insurance Result
& Final Dividend on 15th April. The HDB Financial
Services results and final
dividend is due on April 15th.  NKI Global Finance
Result on 15th April.  The HDFC EMC
Result and Final Dividend is going to be
transmitted on 16th April.  We will move on to the next list.
Look at the name of the forest.
Look here, only the result is on 16th April.
HDFC Life Insurance
Result & Final Dividend on 16th April. CRISIL
Result & Dividend is on 16th April. HDFC
Bank Result & Dividend is on 18th April.
ICICI Bank Result and
Final Result and Dividend is on 18th itself.  SML
Mahindra Result and Final Dividend Announcement is going to happen on 20th April.   We will
move on to the next list.  Your name is
PNB Housing Finance, result is on 20th April.
NSL India Result 21st April.
SL Technologies
Result & Dividend on 21st April. Persistent System
Result on 21st April and Final Dividend
Amal Result on 2nd April.  Tech Mahindra may announce the
results on April 2 and some other major updates may
also come along with it.  Will move on to the next company.
Look, your name is Infosys,
result and final dividend on 23rd April.
Tata Capital results are on 23rd April.  UTI
AMC Result & Final Dividend on 23rd April.
Mahindra LGstic
Result & Final Dividend on 23rd April. CI Automotive
Result and any other big
update may come on 23rd April.  Atul, the
result and final difference is going to be announced on 24th April.  We will
move on to the next list.  See, your name is Adangan
Energy, result is on 24th April, India
Cement result is on 25th April.  SBFC
Finance Result on 25th April.  IDFC
First Bank Result is on 25th April.
UltraTech Cement Result
& Final Dividend on 27th April. Nipon L India Asset
Management Result &
Final Dividend Count is going to be held on 27th April.   We will
move on to the next list.  See
your name is Canara RBCO AMC Result on 27th April
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts
Result on 27th April Mahindra LIS
Result and Final on 28th April Advent Star
Health & Allied Insurance Result on 20th April
Kfin Technology Result on 29th April
Navin Fluorine
Result and Final Dividend Announcement is going to happen on 29th April.  We will
move on to the next list.  Look, your name is HEG, here you will
see the result and dividend on 29th April.
Kothari Products
Result & Final Dividend on 29th April Emphasis
Result & Final Dividend on 29th April.
LG Balkrishna Brothers
Result & Final Dividend is on 30th April. Dr. Lal
Paths result is on 30th April.  HL
Hindver Result & Dividend Announcement is going to happen on 30th April. Will
move on to the next company.  Look,
your name is Latent View Analytics, result on fourth May,
Exide Industries
result and final dividend is on fourth
May, Kapas result and inter dividend is on fifth May,
Punewala Finc result and final
dividend is on fifth May, St result and final dividend is on 6th May,
Consinee result and final dividend is going to be on 6th May, let's
move towards the next company, look, your name is
Blue Star, look here,
result and final dividend is on sixth May, Rani Madras
result is on 6th May, Goddraj Consume Products result
and internal dividend
is on 6th May, result and final
dividend is on 7th May, Global Spirit result and dividend is on 7th May,
Rain Industries
result is going to be on 8th May.  We will
move on to the next list.  See your name is
ABB India 1st May result Dr Red
Slab 12th May result Max Financial
Services 12th May result.  B Bharat
Bijlee Result & Final Dividend on 12th May
Berger Paints Result & Dividend on 12th May
Feco India Result announcement is going to happen on 12th May.  We will
move on to the next list.  See, your name is
Novitis India Result is on 12th May. Deen
spl Result and final dividend on 13th May.
Endurance Technology Result and
final dividend on 14th May. GSW Steel Result is on 14th May.
Alcaro Alcarlogistic
Result is on 14th May. TV Today Network
Result and final dividend announcement is going to happen on 15th May. Let's
move towards the next list.
See, your name is Rani Holding
Result is on 15th May. Aakar Medical
Technology Result and some other
big update may come. Mint India
Result and dividend is on 19th May. Deen BSF n BASF
Result and final dividend on 19th May. Bosch
Result and final dividend on 20th May.
Centrum Capital Result is going to be announced on 21st May.  We will
move on to the next list.  See your name is ADC
India Communication Result and
dividend is on 21st May TT kes
Result and final dividend on 22nd May HC Result and final dividend on 2nd May
Newlon Result and final dividend on 20th
May Amraj
Energy Mobility Result and
final dividend on 20th May Timex Group Result announcement is going to happen on 26th May.  We will
move on to the next list.  Look, your name is
Procter & Gamble Health Result
and final dividend on 26th May Isab India
Result and final dividend on 27th May Gillette
India Result and final dividend on 27th May
Proctal Hazin & Health
Care Result and final
dividend on 20th May Sonal Adicey Result is on 20th May
Med Plus Health Result will be agreed on 29th May Let's
move towards the next list, look,
your name is Samrat Pharma CP Result on 30th May
Integrated Capital Service
Result will be agreed on 30th May And look,
Wipro was saved in the middle, Wipro will be
announced on 16th April.  See the
result and along with it the result is going to be
announced here.  So look at this, the
latest development latest update has
come here.  So 16th April is here from Wipro.
So this was the complete update.  I hope
you like it, share it and subscribe to the channel.  Thank
you.